Car Rental System 1.0 Exploit (#15397)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: documentation/modules/exploit/multi/php/car_rental_system.md

## Vulnerable Application

> Car Rental System 1.0 is a Web Application to rent cars. It was write using PHP and MySQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Car Rental System 1.0 is a web application that allows users to rent cars using an online portal. It was written using PHP and MySQL.
```

Vendor Homepage: https://www.sourcecodester.com/php/14544/car-rental-management-system-using-phpmysqli-source-code.html
Software Link: https://www.sourcecodester.com/download-code?nid=14544&title=Car+Rental+Management+System+using+PHP%2FMySQLi+with+Source+Code

> to install, extract all files in a web directory, edit admin/db_connect.php, and create database following database/car_rental_db.sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install Car Rental System 1.0, extract all files from the software link above into a web directory, edit admin/db_connect.php, and create database following database/car_rental_db.sql
```
Made a slight suggestion above but these directions aren't clear enough. What changes need to be made to `admin/db_connect.php`? Also if you have directions for creating the database you should list them here.

> Opening the web page, we can login in /admin area using " ' OR 1=1 limit 1# " as username, and a random word as password; Giving "limit 1" we will select the first user: ADMIN

Reviewer: This is way too long of a line, and we are in markdown so backticks will work to highlight things as code which is preferred vs double quotes:

```suggestion
Users can log into the app as an administrator by using the username ` ' OR 1=1 limit 1#` , 
and a random word as password. `limit 1` is used as it ensures the database will select the first
user in the database, ADMIN, thereby logging the attacker in as the administrative user.
```

> This software is also vulnerable for Arbitrary File Upload.
> 
> Vulnerable page: http://IP/Car_CMSHOME/admin/index.php?page=manage_car. Editing a Car record, you may upload a php file.

Reviewer: This doesn't really describe things properly. Let me show you how I would explain this a bit better:

```suggestion
Once authenticated as an administrator, attackers can then upload arbitrary files via the `/admin/ajax.php?action=save_car` page, which will then be placed under the `/admin/` directory on the web server. By uploading
an executing a malicious PHP file, attackers can gain arbitrary code execution on the web server as the `www-data` user.
```

## Verification Steps

Confirm that functionality works:
1. Start `msfconsole`
2. `use exploit/multi/php/car_rental_system`
3. Set the `RHOST`.
4. Set the `TARGETURI`.
7. Set `LHOST` and `LPORT`
8. Run the exploit: `run`

> 9. Confirm you have now a reverse shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Confirm that you now have a shell on the target machine as the `www-data` user.
```

9. Confirm that you now have a shell on the target machine as the `www-data` user.

> **TARGETURI**
> The path to the Car Rental System HOME directory.
> 

Reviewer 2: Options should use the markdown header not bold. The extra blank line can be removed as well.

```suggestion
### TARGETURI
The path to the Car Rental System HOME directory.
```
